what's up guys and my favorite say we
have our second move evaluation but this
time is going to be on the board
kamehameha or a Kamehameha whatever you
like to call it uh so yeah let's get
started the work made me a very quick
version of super economy have which they
both have some cons and pros but we're
going to be talking about the whoops
cons and pros today so the first well
pro is that it has close to no charge
time which makes it hard to escape and
can do a lot of damage without giving
your opponent enough time to escape it
so yeah the second Pro and we will talk
about the concept of the poser the
second Pro is that it uses instant
transmission which means it or more
running across the map to try to charge
their key or wait for their stamina
recover because you can just like
instant recognition right in front of
them and use it on the fourth and final
pro that I've seen to it is that if
someone uses an ultimate like super
spirit promise to be vanishing ball etc
you can evade it and deal damage by
using the Warped Kamehameha because it
just teleports right in front of them so
with images with instant transmission
sorry my speech is messed up today um
you can instant transmission right in
front of someone and get out of there
ultimate like a super spirit bomb so
this uses both instant transmission and
super coming on the house so yeah
anyways now let's go into the comment
because there are some critical ones
which could end up costing you a game
just like super electric strike your
enemy you can stand right in front of
you and take no damage at all this can
lead to your enemy doing a stamina break
and or an ultimate that will break your
stamina and do damage or just they can
use a plane super which can go damage to
you and cost you the game um yeah that
would be very very bad uh so the second
con would be if it's blocked it won't do
much damage at all to the enemy's
stamina because it the ultimate so fast
that it won't really do any damage their
statement because like it's so fast that
it will just take away like a bar to
stand man that's it um yeah so the last
con would be is if the move is that the
move is powerless against a skilled
player skilled player will see the
ultimate in the bottom the ultimate icon
the bottom of screen move out of the
encounter with the key countermove oh
this would this would mean that it I
really can't talk today this means that
it would not that I would not recommend
it at all to anybody that does ranked
matches because either you're going to
be really good with it or going to be
really horrible with it so I would use
it on player match to find out which one
first because if you take it into a
ranked match and you lose don't believe
me but yeah anyways just to recap what
we talked about in this video would be
work man is a really fast version of
super coming out comment on me ha which
means that it does a lot of damage in a
quick period of time but it can also
destroy you if it misses and or if they
stand right in front of you right in
front of you just like super electric
strike but with that actually with that
they would literally have to stand right
in front of you like directly in front
of you otherwise it would hit them just
like that right there that you seen on
the screen uh yeah so and if they break
your guard with it would just wreck you
but anyways uh that's about it for this
move it's really not useful unless you
have a key character obviously and it's
really like it's takes a lot of skill to
use this move because just like you just
seen on screen they can t vate it even
if it's about a little less bit so just
be careful for that anyways I hope you
guys enjoyed this video if you did don't
forget to leave a like comment subscribe
for you and let me know what kind of
like about like let me know what move
that you guys want to see in the next
move valuation and i'll see you guys
next time peace